Support Class Field in VS/VSR (#994)
nginxinc/kubernetes-ingress: docs-web/installation/running-multiple-ingress-controllers.md

The smooth coexistence of multiple Ingress Controllers in one cluster is provided by the Ingress class concept, which mandates the following:
* Every Ingress Controller must only handle Ingress resources for its particular class. 
* Ingress resources should be annotated with the `kubernetes.io/ingress.class` annotation set to the value, which corresponds to the class of the Ingress Controller the user wants to use. 

> * VirtualServer and VirtualServerRoute resources should have the `class` field set to the value, which corresponds to the class of the Ingress Controller the user wants to use.

Reviewer: I sent a few suggestions for this doc separately

> * Virtual Server and Virtual Server Route resources should have the `class` field set to the value, which corresponds to the class of the Ingress Controller the user wants to use.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* VirtualServer and VirtualServerRoute resources should have the `class` field set to the value, which corresponds to the class of the Ingress Controller the user wants to use.
```
